Videos to revise: 44


Methods:
    Methods are essentially functions built into objects.
    Methods are in the form:
      object.method(arg1,arg2,etc...)
    Methods for list are:
      append
      count: count the number of occurrences of an element in a list.
      extend
      insert
      pop
      remove
      reverse
      sort
 Functions:
    A function is a useful device that groups together a set of statements so they can be run more than once. 
    They can also let us specify parameters that can serve as inputs to the functions.
    functions allow us to not have to repeatedly write the same code again and again.
    The function will allow you to call the same block of code without having to write it multiple times.
Function Topics:
    def keyword
    simple example of a function
    calling a function with ()
    accepting parameters
    print versus return
    adding in logic inside a function
    multiple returns inside a function
    adding in loops inside a function
    tuple unpacking
    interactions between functions
    

def name_of_function(arg1,arg2):
    '''
    This is where the function's Document String (docstring) goes.
    When you call help() on your function it will be printed out.
    '''
    # Do stuff here
    # Return desired result
    
Using return
   If we actually want to save the resulting variable we need to use the return keyword.
   Return keyword we use to send back the result of the function instead of just printing it out.
   return allows us to assign the output of the function to a new variable
   
   
What is the difference between return and print?"
  The return keyword allows us to actually save the result of the output of a function as a variable.
  The print() function simply displays the output to you, but doesn't save it for future use.
 
Empty placeholder list
    Its very common at top of function call if we intend on returning something, and if we dont hv it defined as an argument then we define it up as some sort of place holder
    
Return all even numbers in a list
    
Returning Tuples for Unpacking

Interactions between functions

